README.md, before:

# Amber [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/tsurai/amber?status.png)](http://godoc.org/github.com/tsurai/amber)

Amber is a lightweight mvc web framework with emphasis on security written in golang. It has been largely inspired by [Martini](https://github.com/codegangsta/martini) but prefers performance over syntactic sugar and aims to provide crucial security settings and features right out of the box.

## Features
* RESTful pattern with protection against cross-site request forgery
* Secure default settings for TLS
	* No RC4, DES or similarly insecure cipher
	* No SSL, requires at least TLS 1.0
	* Prefered cipher: TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384
* Secure default HTTP header
	* Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=31536000;includeSubDomains
	* X-Frame-Options: sameorigin
	* X-XSS-Protection: 1;mode=block
	* X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff
* Encrypted and signed cookies using AES256 and HMAC(SHA256)
* Simple Middleware interface

## Table of Contents
* [Current State](#current-state)
* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  * [Controller](#controller)
* [A note on security](#a-note-on-security)
	* [/dev/urandom](#devurandom)
* [Todo List](#todo-list)

## Current State
Amber is currently getting completly redesigned and is not usable right now.

## Getting Started

First you have to download and install the package into the import path. This can easily be done with go get:
```
go get github.com/tsurai/amber
```

Now you can import amber and create a simple website
```
package main

import (
	"net/http"
	"github.com/tsurai/amber"
)

func main() {
	a := amber.New(&amber.Config {
    Hostname: "localhost",
    Port:     3000,
  })

  a.AddRoute("GET", "/", func(respw http.ResponseWriter, req *http.Request) {
    respw.Write([]byte("Hello World"))
  })

	a.Run()
}
```

### Controller

Using Controller and rendering Templates is very easy with Amber. For this simple example I'm going to assume the following directory structure. A detailed description will follow soon.
```
|- controllers/
|-- app.go
|- views/
|-- app/
|--- index.html
| main.go
```

*controllers/app.go*
```
package controller

import (
	"github.com/tsurai/amber"
)

type App struct {
  amber.Controller
}

func (c *App) Index() {
	c.Render()
}
```

*views/app/index.html*
```
<h1>Hello Controller</h1>
```
  
*main.go*
```
package main

import (
	"github.com/tsurai/amber"
	c "controllers"
)

func main() {
	a := amber.New(&amber.Config {
    Hostname: "localhost",
    Port:     3000,
  })

	a.AddRoute("GET", "/", amber.CallController((*c.App).Index))

	a.Run()
}

```

## A note on security
Amber is by no means secure in the literal sense of the word. What it does is providing easy and fast ways to protect against the most common vulnerabilities. Security should never be left out because it is too troublesome to implement.

### /dev/urandom
Some might wonder why Amber is using /dev/urandom instead of the seemingly more secure /dev/random.
Please take some minutes and read this interesting article about [/dev/urandom/](http://www.2uo.de/myths-about-urandom/)

## Todo List
- ~~proper error handling~~
- ~~models & db interfaces~~
- ~~middleware~~
- ~~convert post data to struct~~
- flexible configurations

Commit message:

renamed amber to jantar duo to name conflictions

README.md, after:

# Jantar [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/tsurai/jantar?status.png)](http://godoc.org/github.com/tsurai/jantar)

Jantar is a lightweight mvc web framework with emphasis on security written in golang. It has been largely inspired by [Martini](https://github.com/codegangsta/martini) but prefers performance over syntactic sugar and aims to provide crucial security settings and features right out of the box.

## Features
* RESTful pattern with protection against cross-site request forgery
* Secure default settings for TLS
	* No RC4, DES or similarly insecure cipher
	* No SSL, requires at least TLS 1.0
	* Prefered cipher: TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384
* Secure default HTTP header
	* Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=31536000;includeSubDomains
	* X-Frame-Options: sameorigin
	* X-XSS-Protection: 1;mode=block
	* X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff
* Encrypted and signed cookies using AES256 and HMAC(SHA256)
* Simple Middleware interface

## Table of Contents
* [Current State](#current-state)
* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  * [Controller](#controller)
* [A note on security](#a-note-on-security)
	* [/dev/urandom](#devurandom)
* [Todo List](#todo-list)

## Current State
Jantar is currently getting completly redesigned and is not usable right now.

## Getting Started

First you have to download and install the package into the import path. This can easily be done with go get:
```
go get github.com/tsurai/jantar
```

Now you can import jantar and create a simple website
```
package main

import (
	"net/http"
	"github.com/tsurai/jantar"
)

func main() {
	a := jantar.New(&jantar.Config {
    Hostname: "localhost",
    Port:     3000,
  })

  a.AddRoute("GET", "/", func(respw http.ResponseWriter, req *http.Request) {
    respw.Write([]byte("Hello World"))
  })

	a.Run()
}
```

### Controller

Using Controller and rendering Templates is very easy with Jantar. For this simple example I'm going to assume the following directory structure. A detailed description will follow soon.
```
|- controllers/
|-- app.go
|- views/
|-- app/
|--- index.html
| main.go
```

*controllers/app.go*
```
package controller

import (
	"github.com/tsurai/jantar"
)

type App struct {
  jantar.Controller
}

func (c *App) Index() {
	c.Render()
}
```

*views/app/index.html*
```
<h1>Hello Controller</h1>
```
  
*main.go*
```
package main

import (
	"github.com/tsurai/jantar"
	c "controllers"
)

func main() {
	a := jantar.New(&jantar.Config {
    Hostname: "localhost",
    Port:     3000,
  })

	a.AddRoute("GET", "/", jantar.CallController((*c.App).Index))

	a.Run()
}

```

## A note on security
Jantar is by no means secure in the literal sense of the word. What it does is providing easy and fast ways to protect against the most common vulnerabilities. Security should never be left out because it is too troublesome to implement.

### /dev/urandom
Some might wonder why Jantar is using /dev/urandom instead of the seemingly more secure /dev/random.
Please take some minutes and read this interesting article about [/dev/urandom/](http://www.2uo.de/myths-about-urandom/)

## Todo List
- ~~proper error handling~~
- ~~models & db interfaces~~
- ~~middleware~~
- ~~convert post data to struct~~
- flexible configurations
